He didn't lie to me.
It's you who are blind and can't recognize the real dragon
Impossible. He's a small vendor selling fried noodles.
How could it be a real dragon?
Like you said yourself
What did you do?
He lied to him about the Wanshou Talisman and Miss Jiang
Perhaps your stupidity lies in
These people are a thousand times more powerful than you
You don't believe it
Do you think they would be dumber than you at their height?
Ok ok I see
You are unwilling
What!
I can't believe you think you're a real dragon
If you tell too many lies, you will believe them.
Birds of a feather flock together.
People in groups
Look at who you are with
Stay with your legs
You say you are a real dragon
Who believes it, it doesn't matter if you don't believe it
The game has just begun
Let's take our time
You will believe it slowly
Mr. Li, ignore this stupid woman.
Please promise my proposal
I will be with you for the rest of my life
Treat you a thousand times better than this stupid woman
Miss Jiang sincerely asks Mr. Li to fulfill it
Ask Mr. Li to agree
Mom, what do you think of this wife?
This is not
Is that true?
I'm not dreaming
You are not dreaming
As long as you like
I will marry him home
Oh, great.
Great, thanks auntie.
Mr. Li, what do you mean?
Okay, I also understand
It's true that there was no better woman than you at that time
I will promise your proposal today.